guys this is Doug's debut on running
village so cut him some slack if he if
he stutters or something we got journey
in the background which would have loved
him down here he just came in he's been
in the ghost couple models he's in the
ghost for right now and you know through
the summer you said august through
october you were you were doing double
day so biking and running but every day
you're running and you spent a lot of
time in the ghost what is it you like
about it the lightweight feels like you
have nothing on it was extremely
responsive day in and day out just
comfortable yeah they they call you know
Brooks calls this a sprung toe and
noticeable you used to be in the
defiance right right out of definitely
noticeable reliance by far just feel
faster more comfortable whether it's
grass or pavement yeah and you've been
on grass pavements they're dirt and
everything but because of the
responsiveness of the shoe how long does
it last time you keep track of miles by
any chance oh that's right getting 20 30
miles a week and I've had it probably
at least six months or more and you're
just starting to notice your knee
certain yeah a little bit so possibly
worn out now so we're doing you said six
months 25 miles a week so that's a
hundred miles a month right that's 600
miles yeah but you had a couple
different yeah that right at that mark
yeah so that's pretty good wear and tear
yeah and they still what pretty darn
good after yeah everything so yeah and
Doug's got a dog that weighs how much 15
pounds and that baby likes to scoop so
his most of his runs are faster paced
one interesting thing that that I don't
know if you've looked up is the ghost
weight wise compared to the defiance I
think the defiance is either the same or
possibly less Wow unbelievable because
this is just we tell people at the store
you know a shoe that fills fast you know
a lot of times also feels lighter to you
whether it is or not just because the
responsiveness you know it doesn't feel
clunky at all so my favorite features
about point out yeah the little tab on
the tongue that keeps the tongue in
place the whole time while you're
running and never moves you never have
to worry not gone with the run its over
here today died it's always in place
that stays there I think that's the best
feature they put on there a long time
yeah that's pretty new on a lot of
Brooks of stuff this year it makes it
really nice just to put your shoe on and
not have to do a lot of adjustment in
quick tie your shoes whether you have
gloves on or not you not to worry about
readjusting the tongue right you just
retire shoe and off you go so that's a
nice feature yeah anything else I mean
are you do you he'll strike at all yeah
a little bit okay but I notice that with
issues my heel strike has actually
become less because of that that's Joe
sprung just moves you fast through the
transition from heel to toe because
usually I wear out the back end really
seems to get really smashed down and
worn out and the Beast they still look
pretty darn good after six months and I
really enjoyed running in me
my favorite Brooks I've hacked so okay
so the Brooks goes for he's a believer